Fixed incorrect formatting for inline pluralized code references. (#19250)
django/django: docs/ref/databases.txt

For all SQLite versions, there is some slightly counterintuitive behavior when
attempting to match some types of strings.  These are triggered when using the

> :lookup:`iexact` or :lookup:`contains` filters in querysets. The behavior

Reviewer: Yes :-)

``TextField`` limitations
-------------------------

> The Oracle backend stores ``TextField``\s as ``NCLOB`` columns. Oracle imposes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Oracle backend stores each ``TextField`` as an ``NCLOB`` column. Oracle imposes
```
